Miss
Are the two beautiful women also here to find me?
Hey, I'm familiar with this scene
Two beautiful women are here to divorce me, right?
Have you watched too many Mini Program skits?
You don't deserve it.
This is 2 million
Enough for you to settle down
Hurry up and sign the contract
It turns out that you are also from the demolition team
As I said, my father won't let me go out
I still have to live in this house
Besides, this house is too expensive for you to demolish
Don't say 2 million
Even if it is 200 million, I will not dismantle it.
Now get out of here with your dog
You even dare to scold my eldest lady
You are dead
My eldest lady is a 5-7 expert
Killing you is as easy as killing an ant
Wow
Who gave you a short sentence?
My anti-drug
Miss
What era is it?
Is there something wrong with your brain?
Treat if you are sick
Don't delay my construction here
You know, to Miss Ben
How much damage did it cause?
Girl, you should be grateful that my father gave it to me
I can't get rid of the mysterious iron refining
The rule of no force
Otherwise I can't
I'm giving you one last chance.
Here you go 3 million get out of my eyes
Huh 3 million
3 million can't even buy my toothpaste
Toast well and don't eat penalty wine, right?
today
I'll let you poor boy know
Offend me
Ahai give it to me
Destroy them both